 what we are doing here what is this interview about I have not fully read the PDF but yes go on okay I have yeah okay so we are trying to develop a tool okay later on about the tool it it will else you know it will just will not be of any use giving and heads up about tools so you hunch you can go ahead yeah so i do let's consider that before that sorry sorry and before you start eddie we want to take your concern that right uh we can use this recording for our purpose yeah okay yes cool so Eddie my question is like pick up any concept which you learned in the 100x LLM cohort specifically which you are confident about and you think you have understood that concept very deeply and if I ask you any nuance around it you could answer from your first principles thinking around it so choose any topic and you can just speak about that topic for maybe one or two minutes I can I work with diffusion models on aggregators like Xfield and Magnific. And I have deeply understood how to basically get the entire juice, the entire versatility out of the combination of different models. so optimizing credits in a way where all the ideation and experimentation goes down to cheaper or free models and then you know proper production I'm sorry to cut but then can you speak anything around the LLM's module like maybe an interface or front end or back end or something around how the internet works any of the topic you can pick up any topic with which you're comfortable and you think and that you understand it well so start with any concept and give your explanation from start maybe yeah okay okay let me think from the second module any concept second module yeah anything around interface front end or back or systems or internet or let me let me break it into very simple question Eddie just just tell me why backend exists why everything cannot exist on the browser right okay so the front end is just I feel like just the interface that the user interacts with All of the data has to sit somewhere in storage All of that processing has to be done somewhere outside of the internet because the internet is not like a real place. All this data has to sit somewhere. That is where the entire... The backend is basically the... the muscle and the skin and the organs of the internet. The internet is just a skeleton. And so any web app, any mobile app, I feel like the UI is a very later step in the process of building a tool. the UX, the experience of the user the actual main part of building an app is the design of the systems that run in the backend the efficiency, the optimization inside those systems yeah but then why can't we have something only on the frontend in that case and what shall break without a backend or like why should we even use a back end when the user is interacting just with the interface which is the front end like for example uh if i'm chatting with you on whatsapp so in this case why do i need a backend server why can i why can't i directly communicate with you because the interface is the same right is the front end it lives in your device also my device also but then why do we need back end and what is an interface and backend in this scenario Okay. I feel like you and me talking without a backend is not possible even on end-to-end encrypted platforms, not just WhatsApp. Okay, wait. Give me a second. I don't fully understand the question. yeah so like my main question was like as you said that this is a peer-to-peer connection so you said that the front end lives in our device the whatsapp ui is same for you and me in this case but then why do i need a back-end server running why can't i communicate with you directly what would break without a back-end and like why do i have every single every single piece of information that is sent text, image, sound, voice, whatever, all of those data packets have to travel to a central place and then back to your front end. But since as you said that the connection is end-to-end encrypted, since it is a peer-to-peer connection, you are directly communicating with me. So what is the role of I feel like that should be I don know if you heard about BitChat chat which has something like that it uses a Bluetooth mesh network it runs so I feel like but even bit chat needs a backend because see I am from I'll tell you frankly I am I would call myself a five on ten level of technical i have some background cyber security so i understand systems uh internet uh you know protocols that work on internet that stuff but i i don't feel like i'm quite getting to the question in a way that you need me to be yeah it's not your mistake it's fine like you can explain in your own words but then without using the technical jargon that is the problem which is coming right now i get to understand the concept but then to some extent you're just unable to convey it using technical terms which we want to hear right so if i'll be a little bit direct eddie so So, can you explain what is an interface? An interface is a thing that a user interacts with through the medium of buttons and... Only user, not system, like application to application. if they are interacting how do they do it? They work on a text interface like a Linux terminal interface. But even that is an interface. No worries, no worries. soon have do you know what is an api yeah okay an api is it helps to applications communicate send and receive uh information data packets inputs and outputs so like if I am building a tool where I want to use a GPT API to take text input and give out text input I can get an API key connected to my app and have my app send requests to GPT servers get information back from them and that what I think APS do Let two systems interact with each other They are also like an interface They are an interface. Okay. Hanshu, you have any follow up question? Not right now. I am just thinking of a good question which may help to further the understanding in this case. this case i'm figuring out a good question in this case just give me uh let's do this here's what i think we should do let me read through the pdf let me understand what we're actually doing here so i have some context and let's do this again once i have some context when you made me yeah i'll just give you a brief i'll just give you a brief like we are here to just understand whether if a person is explaining a concept and if a person stops at a certain point and if we could mention or pinpoint the exact gap of the understanding like for example you spoke about backend but then uh if you don't know how internet works or what is an interface or like what is the difference between frontend and backend you don't understand backend from the principles right so if you if you were stuck in your explanation and somewhere if i could just pinpoint your failure point and if maybe i just asked you a follow-up question and not a answer generic answer so would it force you to think and come to a right explanation or not so this is the hypothesis which we are trying to test right okay got it so how how useful is this conversation right now this was useful in this aspect that we like based on a hypothesis we understood a few things that like whatever user like specifically from your conversation i came to understand and like this was my conclusion that what people say they can be correct or like they are correct in their own perception and however you are explaining it you are right i cannot point anything and say that no you said this thing wrong or your concept is weak but then obviously what i am expecting is technical jargon yeah what i'm expecting is technical jargon which i want to hear maybe which is the best form of explanation which i'm expecting but then based on different personas of people it won't be right to say that like your explanation was correct or wrong or whether i was able to help you or not so this is a very subjective problem So, again I'll say let me get some contacts, let me go through the PDFs properly and tomorrow let me know if you want to do a call again, I'll block some time out and we can probably sit and do a call. I feel like I'm very lost right now. Yeah, sure, take some rest and thanks for joining in the call, right? Yeah, yeah, let me know whenever.