 अब यू एंच हुआ है यू एंच हुआ है यू एंच हुआ है सबके साथ में वहीं कंडीशन है अभी प्रॉब्लम यह है कि वह इस प्रशिक्ष ने आपके लिए लुटा जो आप उसके इंसाइड मिटिंग एनिवेज इस प्रॉब्लम लेट ओके आई नीड योर कॉनसेंट थे यह आई कैन यूज आए रिकॉर्डिंग फॉर दी पर पास लेकिन आप और आपको कॉल रिकॉर्ड कर पाएं अलग डिवाइस से रहा है तो आपको लिंग फॉर माइबॉबाइल एंड रिकॉर्डिंग इन माइबॉब उसमें वॉइस में लगाकर रखा है एंड फैंस ओके सो अ डू डू हैव एडिया ऑफ वॉट इस back-end, why do we need it? Yeah. Can you explain? Yeah, so like, from where should I start? Let's start from why do we need a back-end, why can not everything happen on browser? Okay, there are many reasons for it. First part would be security, second part would be like data or session could not be managed. The main reason is that all sorts of computation cannot happen at the user's end. Like for example, if you have a Python app or maybe on different like Node.js or something else, so in each and every case, you cannot install each and every dependency on the user's device. Also, subcar device would be different. So, in that case, like we don't even know the device would be able to run this or not. अगर यह यह सब्सक्राइब करते हैं कि अपनी तक बिजनेस लॉजिक विडिसेफ टू एट्स एन डिया विद्डेशन एनितिंग एक पिकलाओं के साथ बड़ना एनीवन वुद भी एबल टू कॉपी एनी कंपनी इजीली सो थी थी जरूर फ्यू कोर रीजन्स वाई अ बैक एंड सिस्टम और सर्वर और एस्टोरेज फॉर बिजनेस वर्जिक रिक्वायर्ड form of interface because if you go to the core basics or to the first principles interface is a medium and not a specific software It is a basically it is a medium between the user and the person who is providing that service. So in this case, let's consider chat GPT. So on my device, whether it is laptop or mobile phone, the front end which I'm like, with which I'm interacting. So the medium is called the interface and in this case the interface is the front end of GPT which sits on my device. And if I tell how it actually works, the concept would go around this. If I have any query or I need to ask something, I can just attach the relevant files and easily send up a question or a query to GPT. and then my request from my device front-end, it travels through how the web works and the internet wires and all this stuff and it goes to the back-end servers of ChatGPT or OpenAI and then the query runs on the back-end servers and after the computation is made and all sorts of semantics are sure, whatever prediction is made as per the general purpose pre-trained transformer. So in this case, after the computation happens, I get the desired result. this is how like the core thing actually works and my front end on my device works as an interface or a medium for me to interact with chat gpd servers so how does your front end uh which you're talking about and everything happening on the back end connects with each other what are the uh you know the technologies underlying technologies for that so like if i speak about the underlying technology there are many core components first being the internet second being my front-end device which is my medium for interaction and third is chat gpt servers so the first point of interaction is me putting a query out in gpt which is an interface for me then for the gpt the next interface is in the form of apis or network calls to its backend server and then when I'm getting a response that is again the interface is APIs or the network call through which the data travels back to my device and I'm getting a result. So what is an API when you mention an API just connecting, what is it? Yeah, so the definition of API is application programming interface and again it's an interface because interface is a medium between two things, like any point of interaction between two objects so here the object is my phone or the user which is me and the second object is chat gpd servers so in this case the api is acting as a medium or as an interface between me and chat gpd servers to be precise okay and uh how do you like configure it it's uh like for example if i'll I'll tell you, I'll give you an medium right now. Say if you want to build your own chatbot right So if your chatbot wants to communicate with the backend so how do you define it What are the lines or commands or kind of different technology you will use for API Okay, so basically, let me understand your question well. So if I have to make a chatbot, what would be the interface, what kind of a backend and what kind of tools would it use? Is it the question you are asking? So if I need to make a chat interface or a chatbot, I need a basic frontend so that it can act as an interface for the user to use in the first place. So frontend is the first part. Then the second part is the core backend. So for the backend, simple backend deterministic APIs would be there that would help my queries to travel as a request to chat GPD servers or whichever LDM I'm using. and the communication will be back and forth. And the third part is the probabilistic part, which is an LLM or a brain where the query shall actually be run. So for this purpose, I can use a local model using maybe Olamo or LM Studio, which runs on my local hardware. Or if I want to use APIs again, I can use any other model or any other provider in that case. Okay, and you can directly connect it through the LLM model? or do you need anything for that? To connect with an LLM, I need a port which is running. Port as in, if I'm using my local system, so I should expose the LLM which is running on a local port, say 3000. So my front-end would interact with the back-end through that port number or through that API endpoint. So that works local. And if I'm using an external service or an external provider, In that case, the API which my frontend calls shall act as a medium between me and that provider's server. And in that case, the LLM, the inference part would happen in some another device in another server and I'll get my response back in my device. So the external service provider for an API would allow you to just use their API for like that? not exactly because there would be proper authentication and authorization by authentication i mean the api should like the provider should be able to identify me as the user like for example if i'm entering as hanshgoel at the rate gmail.com so the first part is authentication so the provider will authenticate whether i am whom i'm pretending to be in that case so it will just check that whether the login is actually from hanshgoel at the rate gmail.com or not so that is the first part of authentication and the next part is authorization so there would be certain rules assigned in this case like if i'm on a free plan or on a plate plan or how many tokens or rate limits do i have so based on that authorization rules shall be set and based on my usage i would be built and if i if my if i run out of my free usage or my paid plan usage in that case i won be able to use the service from the providers So that is how the authentication and authorization work at a very simple level So how the authentication work actually on the technical part Yeah, so authorization can be in, oh yeah, you're telling about authorization, right? Authentication. Authentication. Authentication. Yeah, authentication. So whenever I'm logging in, that is the part when the servers or the providers are authenticating me and again checking whether I am whom I'm pretending to be. This can be in the form of different sorts of login, like maybe from Gmail or from my phone number or through a simple email and password or phone number or password or username or password. So these are the different methods with the help of which the servers or different providers or companies can authenticate me as a user. But when we are talking about API, right? when you are talking about an API and running an API of an external provider. So how your API will authenticate you on their server? Yeah, so whenever I'm using an API service, I'll have an API key in that case. So that API key acts as a medium between, like acts as an authentication layer for the provider for me because I've already logged into the service and from the login session, I'm getting that API key. so whenever I'm using this API key the provider say chat GPT will be able to know that this key is linked to my account hence I am using it so this is the way at API level how authentication works like for a provider in this case as you asked okay sounds good sounds good that's perfect thank you and honestly you did you did very well in your interview to be very honest couldn't find any loopholes there and the you know I mean I was trying to find a gap so this interview for the formality I'll just tell you this interview is for the tools which I'm trying to build for the hackathon cohort session and you just showed me I wouldn't say a real one where I can go but you know how I can go into the deep and I can ask for the question that that would be the main module so mind if I may show you the build version later this weekend you know whenever it is ready so would you like to test it so this product will not find any gap in your interface knowledge so right now this where I'm focusing on but later on you know maybe that for a fun activity we can build can introduce a lot of technology later on maybe rag and how the vector DB works or maybe super memory and XY like a lot of the things later on but yeah not sure how it will find and gap for you in interface level but thank you so much for your time it was a good interview yeah